<h3>File Documentation April 1st 2024</h3>

<h4>baseline_regression_03052024.R</h4>
<p>An R script fetching linear regression models and their performances for the four outputs (Nightmare Distress, Nightmare Effects, Anxiety, Nightmare Frequency). The regression generated by the file is what we compare to the AnyLogic model in the paper.</p>

<h4>cnrc_error_distribution_script.R</h4>
<p>R script which generates histogram distributions of error for anylogic model predictions. Also calculates distribution statistics like mean, standard deviation, skewness etc.. To run, install packages required (if not installed) and then change the suffix according to whatever model outputs you are generating error distributions for. The suffix is io_4feas for the optimized outputs and corresponds to the outputs of the optimized AnyLogic model “ParametersVariationOutput_io_4feas.csv”.</p>

<h4>Disturbed Dreaming Model outscaling2_fixed_altered.alp</h4>
<p>The AnyLogic model. To generate predictions, click on the ParametersVariation: Main experiment in AnyLogic, then right click it and select “Run”. This will generate a csv file “ParametersVariationOutput.csv” containing predictions of each of the 118 survey participants using optimized scaling parameters. Each row in the output file represents a single survey participant read from the inpute file “sim_input_v3.csv”. The way the model functions in generating the outputs is it reads in each survey participant, runs them through the model for a month, and then returns the nightmare outputs for the participants in the output file.<br><br>
To get optimized parameters, you need to right click on the Optimization experiment on the left panel and click run, this will open a pop-up with a triangular "play" icon in the bottom left, click this to begin optimizing. Once this finishes running (it could take hours depending on the number of iterations) or after the desired MSE is achieved in the feasible MSE graph, copy the outputs from the pop-up and save them. These are the same parameters used for scaling by the ParametersVariation experiment which may be edited in the right panel after clicking on the ParametersVariation and navigating to the parameters tab.<br><br>
<b>Note: Running the optimizer may require the professional version of AnyLogic.</b></p>

<h4>feb_6_2024 Model Writeup.odt</h4>
<p>A word document containing the graphs and statistics generated from the cnrc_error_distribution_script R file.</p>

<h4>ParametersVariationOutput_io_4feas.csv</h4>
<p>The outputs of the optimized AnyLogic model (used with cnrc_error_distribution_script).</p>

<h4>sim_input_v3.csv</h4>
<p>A trimmed version of V_13.1 only containing variables used by the AnyLogic model.</p>
